Oh
[Music]
beylin as element range has been in a
continual state of development ever
since its arrival we've seen the
introduction of sensor console lines for
the element we've also seen the original
element become the east side the XL
become the e6 and here at London we've
got a new 20-footer called the e7 it's
immediately plain that it is a very user
friendly boat ease of access to the
center part of the transom is fantastic
and despite the fact that it is only a
20-foot boat it's big enough to seat 10
people on the face of it a table between
the mouth position and the helm station
seems like a very odd place to put it
but when you consider suppose the aft
cockpit and the broad forward section
can both be turned into complete
sunbathing pads it's actually quite
useful that you retain this section in
the center it's also ought to be a very
decent drivers folk you've got the fixed
integrated tank you've got the same
deeper whole section for a softer ride
as you get on the CC 7 you've also got
power ratings from one month five to one
fifty but with the one month five this
is a certainly not boat and at 24,000
pounds for an all in package that's
exactly where Bayliner needs to be
[Music]